	"Milk, flour, eggs, sourdough," "milk, flour, eggs, sourdough" Nathan kept repeating to himself. In hindsight he really should have just written the items down so he wouldn't have to keep worrying about forgetting one. But no, Nathan had run out of the door without a list, so now he was reduced to murmuring the list of items on repeat like a child trying to memorize vocabuary. Sadly, there was no other choice for Nathan, lest he risk forgetting one item prior to completing his task, so he kept to his murmuring as he rode down the freeway towards the Trader Joes that awaited him.
 
Before Nathan knew it, his mind started telling him to buy ciabatta instead of sourdough. "Milk, flour, eggs, ciabatta" is what Nathan kept on repeating now. He knew he had replaced one of the four items but he was not sure which one it was. 

As he kept trying to memorize his list and remember what its original components were, he realized that he had missed his exit.  In fact, he must have missed it a long time ago as the roads that surrounded him were unfamiliar to him.  The construction workers on the other side of the road indicated to him that he couldn't just turn around and that he would need to find a new route to Trader Joes.

Pulling to the side of the road, Nathan took out his GPS to get directions, but found its battery was dead. "Why can't anything go right tonight" Nathan wondered to himself. As a last resort Nathan took out his map, trying to remember what street Trader Joes was on. "No not Main St, not 2nd Ave, ... oh yes, Sourby Rd!" Nathan remembered suddenly. "Trader Joe's in on that street that sounds like a type of bread, sourdough," Nathan recalled. "Wait sourdough, what does that remind me of?" Nathan pondered. "Oh! Ciabatta wasn't on the grocery list, the list was milk, flour, eggs, and sourdough!" Nathan thought victoriously. And with a grin on his face Nathan put down his map, revved the engine, and headed towards Trader Joes, again reciting his original grocery list: milk, flour, eggs, sourdough.  

As he pulled up to the trader joes, he was still running the list through his head. He walked towards the front doors and noticed flowers, candles, and photographs mourning the passing of Trader Joe himself. Once he stepped into the store, he searched for his ingredients, but realized they were out of milk due to people hoarding in preparation for the global pandemic, so he left with flour, eggs, sourdough, and a flower to leave with the others outside the store.

